EC-240: Search revision (#27)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/search/search_indexing.md

# Search indexing

## Reindexing

> To reindex search content, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to reindex the search content:
```

``` bash
php bin/console ezplatform:reindex
```

## Removing index in production

> When the content model is used as data provider, `ezplatform:solr_create_index` removes the index in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the content model as a data provider, `ezplatform:solr_create_index` removes the index in production.
```

Details of this action depend on the configuration. If Solr is configured to auto-commit, the index is removed.

> If no auto-commit is configured, the index is removed as well, but the removal only takes effect after the commit at the end. Until that time the index can be used for searching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no auto-commit is configured, the index is removed as well, but the removal takes effect after the commit at the end. 
Until that time the index can be used for searching.
```
Is "only" needed here?

No auto-commit also means that changes are not visible in the Back Office, since the process does not include a commit.

> To resolve this, you can increase the auto-commit time to a value close to the needed time of the indexing process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this, you can increase the auto-commit time to a value close to the required time of the indexing process.
```
